# Network-Analysis-Criminal-Network
A time-varying criminal network that is repeatedly disturbed by police forces. The data for this problem can be found in the CAVIAR directory of the data archive.  The CAVIAR investigation lasted two years and ran from 1994 to 1996. The operation brought together investigation units of the Montréal police and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police of Canada. During this two year period, 11 wiretap warrants, valid for a period of about two months each, were obtained (the 11 matrices contained in phase1.csv, phase2.csv, correspond to these eleven, two month wiretap phases).  This case is interesting because, unlike other investigative strategies, the mandate of the CAVIAR project was to seize the drugs without arresting the perpetrators. During this period, imports of the trafficking network were hit by the police on eleven occasions. The arrests took place only at the end of the investigation. Monetary losses for traffickers were estimated at million dollars. Eleven seizures took place throughout the investigation. Some phases included no seizures, and others included multiple. The following summarizes the seizures:  Phase 4 1 seizure  2,500,000300kgofmarijuanaPhase63seizures 1,300,000 2 x 15 kg of marijuana + 1 x 2 kg of cocaine Phase 7 1 seizure  3,500,000401kgofmarijuanaPhase81seizure 360,000 9 kg of cocaine Phase 9 2 seizures  4,300,0002kgofcocaine+1x500kgmarijuanaPhase101seizure 18,700,000 2200 kg of marijuana Phase 11 2 seizures $1,300,000 12 kg of cocaine + 11 kg of cocaine This case offers a rare opportunity to study a criminal network in upheaval from police forces. This allows us to analyze changes in the network structure and to survey the reaction and adaptation of the participants while they were subjected to an increasing number of distressing constraints.  The network consists of 110 (numbered) players. Players 1-82 are the traffickers. Players 83-110 are the non-traffickers (financial investors; accountants; owners of various importation businesses, etc.). Initially, the investigation targeted Daniel Serero, the alleged mastermind of a drug network in downtown Montréal, who attempted to import marijuana to Canada from Morocco, transiting through Spain. After the first seizure, happening in Phase 4, traffickers reoriented to cocaine import from Colombia, transiting through the United States.
